---
title: Play report 1
---

Petey Pentwhistle, an Ice Cream Man, Kamino Gummy, a Disc Jockey, and KB, a Dreamer, arrived in Coffin's Falls. After some brief introductions, they set about solving the murders at the sleepover at Clarice Stephens

They declined to join the canvas through the woods for clues. Instead, Kamino and KB made for the Stephen's house while Petey made for the police station.

Kamino attempted to gather clues in Clarice's room but was interrupted by a deputy officer (the very same who they'd snuck by to get access to the house). KB used this as a distraction to hold an impromptu seance at the scene of the worst murder, the Stephen's living room. The ghosts of the recently deceased gave KB strange visions. They highlighted the theft of most of the Stephen's records, and led KB to the garage, where he was shown a curious phenomenom - thousands of snails crawling on the three interior walls in concentric patterns.

Petey interviewed the harried police chief Toomes, who conveyed that Claire had described the attacker as a tall man wearing “a full leather bodysuit”, “Elvis hair”, and carrying “an ax like a knight uses.” Unfortunately, Petey was also led out of the police station by a vivid hallucination of Toomes giving a spirited rendition of Roy Orbison's _In Dreams_.

Kamino, although kicked out of the house, did manage to extract the location of a place in the woods where the murdered girls were known to hang out and do drugs, an abandoned recording studio. KB, still slipping in and out of dreams, received a vision of a killer in a dark basement, arranging pebbles in the same pattern as the snails in the Stephens' garage, a pattern KB increasingly finds meaningful.

Petey, feeling that Toomes was describing Donny,m the owner of the local arcade, someone with whom Kamino is particularly close, set out to investigate, gathering Kamino and KB on the way. When Petey talks to Donny, he finds out that Donny's sweet crusader axe was stolen, along with a duffel bag full of his magazines. Reviewing the security footage, Kamino sees a familiar figure stealing through the arcade, emerging with said axe. They also see a strange visual phenomenom on the tape and in real life - a heart spraypainted on the vintage Galaga machine, with the phrase "The Nightmaster" in the center of it.

Given enough clues, Kamino reveals that the killer was the "deputy" he'd met earlier, and KB explains that he believes the killer is in the abandoned studio. They set out and confront the killer. Stepping into the studio, the pebble pattern is disturbed and he is rendered near catatonic.

KB received a particularly strange record of novelty songs, recorded locally in the late 1960’s. Listening to this record backwards can induce a trance. Once per session, an investigator can play the record and detail a vision of the other side. Make a reality check. This insight gives them the advantage to the next Gather Clues roll that they make.

Petey received the murderer’s axe, which awards +1 to any rolls when used in dangerous circumstances.

Kamino found a metal helmet, lightning bolt design embossed in the center, which looks like a prop from an old science fiction movie - when he puts it on, his mind races and he receives +1 to Library Use. Putting it on is easy, but taking it off is more difficult.
