---
title: Play report 2
---

# Gobbos

During downtime, Kamino reported to work at the radio station.
KB made a piece of art expressing their feelings about the previous mission.
Petey Pentwhistle called Kamino during his station to give his daily weather report.

Petey then went over to help Ms. Dianne Cordon with her yard work, as he often does in exchange for free use of her pop tarts and toaster struedels. He discovered her flesh-free skeleton in front of the television, a pool of blood soaked into the floor at her feet.

Kamino and KB came over to help investigate.

Kamino noted scuff and claw marks on the floor all around Ms. Cordon that led directly into the central air ducts. He got out some parchment paper and charcoal to make a rubbing of the animal's feet.
KB quickly sketched an omen from a dream of a predatory magical cat, explaining that they feel the same ominous presence now. Petey went over to get a pop-tart for thinking fuel but instead got a handful of glass.

Kamino's rubbings indicate a bird's or lizard's feet. Meanwhile, KB made it up to the bedroom only to have a leg slashed by a creature running by at top speed, flopping to the ground. Hearing the creatures are in the walls, Petey listens carefully, only to hear a rumbling voice speaking in Latin.

Kamino went to examine a strange basket on the table of the house, finding it full of canary-sized skeletons. KB staggered to the bathroom, only to find a copy of the complete poems of Christina Rosetti with the poem "The Goblin Market" flagged.

Petey went out to the shed to look around for missing tools. He finds a strangely futuristic heat lamp but turned to find himself locked in the shed.

Kamino remembered an interview with a local academic describing an exhibit coming through with a large predatory bird whose babies were used in an occult ritual by an ancient and remote cult, with baskets much like what he found in Ms. Cordon's house. Of course, Kamino irritated the man with a prying question about black magic. Kamino, wondering if Ms. Cordon received a package recently, called the post office in his guise of Inspector Lafferty and confirmed that she'd received a package from a remote area of China. As he was getting off the phone, it turned to rotten human flesh in his hands.

The three of them discovered an ancient malevolent spirit living in the walls of Ms. Cordon's house. Unclear whether it came with the basket or has been there all along, the house began to burn, and all three escape, Petey from shed, and KB and Kamino from the house proper.

KB pocketed a strange piece of scrimshaw, Kamino a jar of pickled flies and the Diary of Dianne Cordon, and Petey a cool egg, some fun magic clay, and some 3D glasses.

## Elsewhere in Coffin's Mill

People on the bus stop, getting on the bus to Coffin's Mill, pass the Coffin's Mill sign. Bus stops (first stop). When they get off the bus, there are no other passengers.

## Clue totals

Kamino | 6
KB | 2
Petey | 2

## Cabal clues earned

Kamino: Human flesh phone
KB: 1 (Predatory cat dream)
Previous: 1
Total: 3

<div style="display:none;">

## playtest notes

- felt the magical items were a bit too much after this

</div>
