---
title: Play report 3
---

Camino reports for work at CMNG. KB makes some art after aborted attempts. Petey gets high and watches PBS.

A new antique shop opens. Camino spots a shrunken head from his childhood. Mayor is emerging from the shop looking furtive and clearly hiding something under his coat. The next day at Diner Dan's, they find out the Mayor has died. They set out to investigate the antique shop and the mayor's death.

KB visits the shop and talks to the owners, the charming Jack and Jill. He notices that they have an original copy of the issue of the Strand where A Study in Scarlet, the first Sherlock Holmes story appeared, sitting unprotected on the shelf, next to some collectible cards that KB desired greatly. He agreed to do a prank on the town's priest, Father Masterson, in exchange for the cards.

Petey walked around back and talked to a delivery driver, who revealed that the shop didn't seem to have their items unloaded, merely appeared fully stocked. He also revealed to Petey that he'd been pranked as well.

Camino remembered from his radio show that the Mayor was a fanatic about Victorian dolls. He also remembered the Mayor going on a tirade about the Bawlin' Billy dolls. The Coffin Toy Company (later renamed CTC Toys) was formed in Coffin's Mill in 1958. Their flagship item, the Bawlin’ Billy is immediately popular. There are a rash of complaints when several Billy’s are opened and shown to contain strange occult symbols carved into the plastic interiors. The company denies any knowledge of how this could have happened.

Petey later talks to July Mirthwell, a local and frequent customer of his who also tells Petey about a "prank" against her N.A. group.

KB breaks into the Mayor's house to try and find out what the mayor received from the shop but is tased. He tries in vain to convince the mayor's widow to help him investigate but only manages to provoke her into more tasing, the second of which inadvertently ends with him receiving a fatal head wound.

Petey, returning to the antique shop, finds out that Jack and Jill are after some compromising information about the Mayor's wife.

Camino, talking to the widow (who does not reveal that she had a visitor earlier that day), reveals that the Mayor went to the Church the night he died, unusual for him.

## Mystery Solutions

Who is the true owner of Forbidden Desires? - Petey says Satan, the Morningstar, Lucifer
To what end are all these terrible pranks being pulled? - The Devils wants to fuck God
Who killed the townsfolk described in the opening scene? - The Mayor didn't do the prank, so the Mayor got the stank

### Clue totals

Petey & Camino - 3
KB (RIP) - 1

### Cabal clue totals

Previous cabal clues - 3

- 1 (- 1958 / The Coffin Toy Company (later renamed CTC Toys) is formed. Their flagship item, the Bawlin’ Billy is immediately popular. There are a rash of complaints when several Billy’s are opened and shown to contain strange occult symbols carved into the plastic interiors. The company denies any knowledge of how this could have happened.)

Ongoing total = 4

<div style="display: none;">

- What is the cabal after? What is their goal?

_The Cabal is demons. The town is hell. Their goal is suffering, and through suffering, redemption._

- Who serves as the Emissary of the cabal in town?

_Doomwizard_

</div>
