---
title: Play report 4
---

# The Middlelands

Jedediah, a Cunning, emerges from the docks.
We cut to the Pasture, where a man in a pinstripe suit eats raw meat dipped in ketchup, chasing it with milk.

## Clues

- (Kamino) A list of addresses all in neighboring towns. The addresses are all in a radius of about 50 miles.
- (Jedediah) Casts the runes and determines where the next victim is
- (Kamino) Cameron Miles did partially nude mask yoga
- (Petey) A train ticket referencing The Station-in-Between, a place that doesn't, as far as you know, exist
- (Petey) Hulking figure with three arms enters through a seam in the wall to check out a meatcrow while Petey hides in a locker
- (Kamino) Steve Irwin gave him a gimp suit for hunting sewer alligators
- (Petey) A book of local history, notated in Miles's hand, about the construction of the sewers under Coffin's Mill.
- (Jedediah) A sketchbook filled with drawings of crashed cars
- (Jedediah) Multiple kinds of tracks in the poops, including bird feet
- (Kamino) A long oily feather
- (Kamino) (Cabal clue) A fat, dog sized beetle, alive but sedate
- (Petey) Mossy grotto under the sewers
- (Kamino) (Cabal) Scary speculum
- (Petey) Yoga figures on wall
- (Petey) (Cabal) Elk figure shushes

---

## Unlocked after the fact

- (Cabal) Jedediah (Cabal) 1977 / A group of teenagers playing a role-playing game cause a panic in the town when one of them, 16 year old Laura Marnoli, is immolated in a basement. The remaining three are unable to speak of the event. Two die in an insane asylum within the next 5 years. One remains alive, and when pressed, he can’t help but rave incoherently about a demon named Moloch who they summoned accidentally.

## Cabal

4 + 4 = 8!!
